# General FAQs

## Can I create a free server?

Yes, you can. bot-hosting.net is a 100% free service with 24/7 up-time. The only thing you need to keep your server running is claim coins using [ways listed here](https://discord.com/channels/884145104401608735/1348063632545808394) to have enough coins for your server renew.\
\


## Why is my server suspended?

There are a few causes why we suspend servers here and they are the following:

* **Not enough coins for the renew:** go to the [generator page](https://bot-hosting.net/panel/earn) and claim coins, then unsuspend the server in the [Manage Servers Page](https://bot-hosting.net/panel/manageserver)
* **You broke the Bot-hosting.net Terms of Service:** The server might be suspended and will be deleted by the developers. A common cause is hosting a self-bot, which is against Discord ToS too.
* **You broke the law:** The server might be suspended or even straight deleted by the developers. A common cause is hosting a DDoS server.\


## Why shouldn't I upload the node\_modules folder?

The `node_modules` folder contains packages you included in the `package.json` file or in the ADDITIONAL PACKAGES field in the Startup Tab of your server. Packages files have a notable size and may cause issues while uploading to the server and unarchiving the zip file content in the server. Uploading your node\_modules folder will mean that packages may not be setup correctly for the server's environment.

{% hint style="info" %}
**We recommend not to upload this folder, it will be generated by the server when starting it.**
{% endhint %}

## Why didn't I get coins after inviting someone to register?

There are a few causes why you don't get coins after inviting someone to register and they are the following:

* **You didn't use the affiliate link to invite them**
* **The user is already registered in the hosting**
* **The user account age is lower than expected:** some people may create alt accounts to invite them and get coins
* **The user account is detected as fraudulent**
