---
description: >-
  The pterodactyl panel (which we use for the control.bot-hosting.net page) does
  not offer a shell page to run commands and the console does not support them
  so you won't be able to run commands like np
---

# How to Install Modules/Packages & Common Issues

## **Node.js Packages Installation**

### **We have 2 ways to Install Node.js Packages:**

1. When you start the server, the startup command checks for a file named `package.json` and installs modules getting names and versions from it. There are 2 ways to get that file:
   * from the folder where you developed your bot, it is most likely generated by the application you use for coding
   * [Creating it (click for a guide)](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-a-package-json-file)
2. In your server control panel page, you can find a section called `Startup`, clicking on it, you get a configuration page with some fields. use the `ADDITIONAL NODE PACKAGES` one and Install additional node packages using spaces to separate. **Write only the name of the package, not the npm command!**

```
- npm install package
+ package
```

### **Common Errors related to Packages installation**  `Error: Cannot find module 'package'`

> This error means the package.json file does not contain the package or there was a problem with its installation (read any errors above)

`npm error 404 Not Found - GET https://registry.npmjs.org/`

> That usually means the package you are trying to install does not exist then, you typed it wrongly or there was an error that caused the skip of the installation

## **Python Modules Installation**

### **We have 2 ways to Install Python Packages:**

1. When you start the server, the startup command checks for a file named `requirements.txt` and installs modules getting names and optionally versions from it. [requirements.txt file creation guide](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirements-file-format/)
2. In your server control panel page, you can find a section called Startup, clicking on it, you get a configuration page with some fields. use the `ADDITIONAL PYTHON PACKAGES` one and Install additional node packages using spaces to separate.

```
- pip install package
+ package
```

### **Common Errors related to Packages Installation**



&#x20;`ModuleNotFoundError: no module named 'discord'`

> This usually means that you did not declare the module discord in your requirements file or the server could not install that module because of an error occurred before.

`ERROR: Could not find a version that satisfies the requirement package (from versions: none)`

> The package you are trying to install does not exist.
